oe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.
I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.
Abstraction is often one floor above you.
We have a lot of rain in June.
The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other.
A song can make or ruin a person’s day if they let it get to them.
They got there early, and they got really good seats.
We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.
The lake is a long way from here.
I checked to make sure that he was still alive.
There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store.
Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
This is a Japanese doll.
Please wait outside of the house.
Christmas is coming.
I want more detailed information.
Tom got a small piece of pie.
Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof.
She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do.
I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert.
Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when you’re in a better frame of mind.
Someone I know recently combined Maple Syrup & buttered Popcorn thinking it would taste like caramel popcorn. It didn’t and they don’t recommend anyone else do it either.
Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.
Wow, does that work?
The body may perhaps compensates for the loss of a true metaphysics.
A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt.
We need to rent a room for our party.
Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isn’t so bad after all.
Mary plays the piano.
I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches.
I currently have 4 windows open up… and I don’t know why.
I want to buy a onesie… but know it won’t suit me.
The book is in front of the table.
A glittering gem is not enough.
Where do random thoughts come from?
If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it.
The stranger officiates the meal.
It was getting dark, and we weren’t there yet.
This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent
I am never at home on Sundays.
The shooter says goodbye to his love.
He didn’t want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway.
Rock music approaches at high velocity.
I'd rather be a bird than a fish.
She only paints with bold colors; she does not like pastels.
My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.
Let me help you with your baggage.
Two seats were vacant.
I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated.